How can we make sure that we can pick a place.
Well on map view in your map screen you can add on press handler and this fires whenever you tap somewhere
on the map.
And with that I don't mean taps when you scroll but when you tap there without scrolling so if you really
want to select something this will then fire and distill for a can be bound to a function which I define
in here which should kind of store to select the place.
So here I'll have my SELECT LOCATION handler function which gets an event object and that's what I bind
to on press here.
Now we can look into this event to get a feeling for what's inside there which kind of data we get.
So let me save this and let's test it.
Let's go to the map and then once it is loaded simply tap somewhere on the map like here.
If we now go back does the output I get in there you see it's quite a big object.
In the end we get a bunch of data in there which we don't really need.
It's this synthetic event here.
What we do have what's interesting is it is native event property which is yet another object which
has a coordinate property which is yet another object which has a latitude and longitude.
That's what we're interested in Indian right.
That's what we want to find out.
That's the coordinate pair.
We want to get.
So this is the place he coordinates the user tapped on.
This is what I want to store here and it would be nice for a start to add a marker in that place.
So did we mark that place on the map for that.
Of course we can use state to save that selected place and in the component then initialized is up here
and have our selected location and set to selected
location with the help of use state initially it's empty we have no selected location initially and
then we can create a marker here.
If we do have one for that we can import a marker component from native maps by adding some named imports
here besides this default import we have that we can import marker from HREOC native maps as Assam blast
at and we can rendered as marker by adding it between the opening and closing tax of map view which
we now need.
So we can add a marker here.
Now this marker needs some configuration.
Otherwise we act native maps doesn't know where to show it can add a title for example picked the location
but more importantly you can add a coordinate prop here and dad expects to get an object with a latitude
and longitude in there so here I'll add a new variable marker coordinates let's say and if I have a
selected location and that's the state I'm managing up there if I do have that then I want to set marker
coordinates equal to an object where you need to have a latitude named latitude.
So it's not let.
It needs to be latitude because the marker component will look for a property named latitude.
And that can be the selected location.
Dot.
Let let's say it's up to us how we then safeties we're not doing it right now but later we'll save it
such that we have a let prop there and long etude which needs to be named like this which can hold the
value stored in selected location dot LNG.
Now Mark coordinates is conditionally set and here we can now check if market conditions does exist
and if it does we use this shortcut to also output a marker here now marker coordinates is also what
we can feed into here.
And please note this is coordinate not coordinates it's just coordinate.
At this point our marker coordinates and now we just have to make sure that we eventually set deliver
a selected location.
And of course I want to do this here in my select location handler there.
I want to call set select location to set my state pass the object in there and set my state to object
with a lat key because I'm trying to extract let down their of event dot native event as you saw and
in there that was this coordinate property which has a latitude property and then LNG which I'm also
extracting down there should be set to event the native event coordinates dot longitude and with this
code we should be able to view a marker on the map so let's give it a try.
Let's go to ISIS.
Load the map there
and pick some place and we see a marker at the place where I click the same on Android hopefully let's
give it a try there open the map and indeed there.
If I tap somewhere
I also do place my marker there.
So this is how we can work with markers and how we can select places.
It's all nice.
Now ultimately I want to be able to kind of click a safe button up there which doesn't exist yet which
then closes this map and passes the selected location back to my new place screen in the end.
Right which I do have here as well I want to go back to that screen and of course kind of save my selected
location.